<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_writing_a_welcome_post" audience="novice">
  <title>How to Write a Welcome Post</title>
  <shortdesc>
    It’s important for page members to know who monitors the company's LinkedIn page to build brand trust. After becoming page admin, introduce yourself to page members with a welcome post.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>To successfully write and publish a welcome post on LinkedIn, ensure you have access to a computer, stable internet connection, your job description, digital copy of your headshot, and access to your company page.</p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log into your personal LinkedIn account.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Navigate to your homepage.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Located the company page on the left-hand side of your browser.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click on the name of the company page.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the blue <uicontrol>+ Create</uicontrol> button and then select <uicontrol>Start a Post</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Add text written in third-person containing the following information:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Your first and last name.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Previous work and educational experience.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Job duties.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>A fun fact.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Exclaimation of excitement for the job.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Your headshot.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>post</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>You have successfully posted your welcome post on your company LinkedIn page. You can check your company homepage to confrim successful posting.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>