<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_types_of_linkedin_accounts">
  <title>Types of LinkedIn Accounts</title>
  <shortdesc>LinkedIn has a variety of accounts that users can use to connect with other professionals and manage the online presence of a company.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <table>
      <title>Types of LinkedIn Accounts</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Account Type</entry>
            <entry>Account Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row audience="novice">
            <entry>Basic Account</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Ideal for individual users looking to connect with others, build a network, and search for jobs.</li>
                <li>Allows users to create a profile, connect with others, join groups, and apply for jobs.</li>
                <li>Limited access to certain features like InMail and advanced search filters.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row audience="expert">
            <entry>Premium Career</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Designed for job seekers who want to stand out in the job market.</li>
                <li>Offers features like InMail (messaging users outside your network), access to job insights, and the ability to see who viewed your profile.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row audience="expert">
            <entry>Premium Business</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Targeted at professionals looking to expand their network and grow their business.</li>
                <li>Includes features like advanced search options, unlimited people browsing, and insights into company data.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row audience="expert"> 
            <entry>Sales Navigator</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Aimed at sales professionals who want to find and connect with potential clients.</li>
                <li>Offers advanced lead and company search capabilities, personalized algorithm-driven recommendations, and CRM integration.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row audience="expert">
            <entry>Recruiter Lite</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Designed for recruiters and hiring managers to streamline their recruiting process.</li>
                <li>Provides advanced search tools, InMail credits, and candidate tracking features.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
            </row>
            <row audience="novice">
             <entry>LinkedIn Learning</entry>
            <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>Offers access to a vast library of online courses for personal and professional development.</li>
                <li>Users can gain skills and earn certificates that can be showcased on their profiles.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
            </row>
          <row>
             <entry>Company Page</entry>
             <entry>
              <ul>
                <li>For businesses and organizations to establish a presence on LinkedIn.</li>
                <li>Allows posting updates, job listings, and company news, as well as engaging with followers.</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>